This is a mailbox.

Or is it?

How do you know if this receptacle for your
letters and packages is as innocent as it

seems?

The truth is, you don’t, because mailboxes
are never innocent.

They are a part of a greater conspiracy that
we have been trying to uncover since the Ronald

Reagan Administration of 1980, but we have
always come up empty handed.

We struggle to find their true intentions
due to their ultimate secrecy, concealed in

plain sight.

Don’t be fooled by their harmless appearance.

You never know what inhuman thoughts are going
on inside their sentient minds.

They have an insatiable hunger, fueled by
a ravenous desire for instant gratification

of their primal instincts for bloodlust.

Do you really think they stay in the same
place in front of your house?

Don’t be a fool.

How many hours a day do you surveil your mailbox?

Because as soon as you look away, their master
plan progresses further.

Unbeknownst to many, mailboxes are capable
of movement, and what they can do in the time

you aren’t looking at them is unpredictable.

What do you think that sound was while you
were sleeping last night?

No, it wasn’t the neighbor.

It was your mailbox.

While your fragile body was sleeping, your
mailbox found its way into your house or apartment.

What did it do while it was there?

We don’t know.

Most people have never seen a mailbox carry
out their nefarious plans, and the few who

have almost never lived to tell the tale.

Maybe they have been going through your contacts
and leaving them on read, selling your number

to every existing telemarketer in France,
or returning fraudulent tax forms to the IRS

under your name to frame you for tax evasion.

But these are just the least malicious examples.

Mailboxes are unpredictable.

They are a public enemy and menace to society.

What they will do next cannot be known or
prevented.

Do you really think the Strategic Arms Reduction
Treaty of 1991 between the United States and

Soviet Union was about nuclear disarmament?

Of course not.

Both SALT I and SALT II were mere coverups
of secretive negotiations between the nations

regarding the containment of mailboxes, and
we all know what happened to one of the two.

No one can save you now.

Why do you think Richard Nixon visited the
People's Republic of China in 1972?

Does your feeble mind really believe that
Ping Pong Diplomacy was as simple as a few

ping pong matches?

Any sane person would know that the ping pong
players were mere guises, and what was actually

happening was a series of covert intelligence
exchanges on the rising threat of mailboxes

without alarming the public.

Now you know the truth.

You can only grasp at the thin strands of
time left we have on this earth before the

mailboxes complete their masterplan, and every
second that passes, every action you take,

every thought you have brings them closer.

When you go to collect your mail, do you think
your mailbox is complying to your demands?

Is it just letting you have your mail?

No.

Every time you open your mailbox, your mailbox
gets to know you better, and not in a friendly

way.

It keeps track of your behavior.

Your beliefs.

Your values.

It knows where you are at all times because
it knows where you are not.

It knows what you are doing at all times because
it knows what you are not doing.

It knows what you are thinking at all times
because it knows what you are not thinking.

It knows your greatest fears and weaknesses.

Do not be tricked by the mailbox’s simple
appearance.

They are known to rely on the cruelest forms
of psychological warfare, whittling down your

morale over time no matter how long it takes.

Was the 1983 Soviet Nuclear False Alarm really
caused by malfunctioning systems?

Or was it an early attempt by mailboxes to
induce mutually assured destruction of humanity

by nuclear war?

Your simple mind is always following the doomed
path your mailbox has already determined,

and there is no way to escape it.

As we await the inevitable fate that the mailbox
mafia has already decided, it is best to appease

your mailbox and make sure you are on good
terms with it, for the mailbox mafia is inevitable.

